RDoc-2631 [Python] Client API > Session > Storing entities [Replace C# samples] (#1772)
ravendb/docs: Documentation/5.4/Raven.Documentation.Pages/client-api/session/storing-entities.python.markdown

# Session: Storing Entities

To store entities inside the **session** object, use the `store` method.

## Syntax

Stores the entity in a session, then extracts the ID from the entity or if not available generates a new one.

{CODE:python store_entities_1@ClientApi\Session\StoringEntities.py /}

| Parameters | | |
| ------------- | ------------- | ----- |
| **entity** | object | Entity that will be stored |

> | **change_vector** | string | Entity change vector, used for concurrency checks (`null` to skip check) |

Author: done

> | **id** | string | Entity will be stored under this ID, (`null` to generate automatically) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **key** | str | Entity will be stored under this ID, (`None` to generate automatically) |
```

Author: done
